docs: add examples for SQL functions (#16745)
apache/druid: docs/querying/sql-functions.md

 Apache Druid supports two query languages: Druid SQL and [native queries](querying.md).
 This document describes the SQL language.
:::
<!-- The **Learn More** at the end of each function section provides further documentation. -->

> This page provides a reference of Apache Druid&circledR; SQL functions in alphabetical order. For more detail on a function, refer to the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page provides a reference of Apache Druid&circledR; SQL functions in alphabetical order. For more details on a function, refer to the following:
```

 This document describes the SQL language.
:::

> This page provides a reference of all Druid SQL functions in alphabetical order. The **Learn More** at the end of each function section provides further documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This page provides a reference of Druid SQL functions in alphabetical order.
<-- The **Learn More** at the end of each function section provides further documentation. -->
For more detail on a function, refer to the following:
[bulleted list of the reference docs]
```
Let's leave the information about learn more out until we're done. It doesn't quite apply to the whole topic yet.
Also, let's remove "all" here and in the title.

Reviewer 3: Line 31 should say "Apache Druid&circledR; SQL functions" since it's the first time we mention Druid in this topic (not counting the admonition).

> The examples for each function uses the following datasets that come included with Apache Druid:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The examples in this topic use the following Apache Druid example datasets:
```
note subject/verb agreement

> * `flight-carriers`: `FlightCarrierOnTime (1 month)` 
> * `trips_xaa`: `NYC Taxi cabs (3 files)`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `FlightCarrierOnTime (1 month)` abbreviated as `flight-carriers`
* `NYC Taxi cabs (3 files)` abbreviated as `taxi-trips`
```
Lead with the examples as named in Druid and follow with the abbreviation.
Recommend using a standard datasource naming convention. (in this case a dash)
Also, use English in example names where possible

## ABS

Calculates the absolute value of a numeric expression.

* **Syntax:** `ABS(<NUMERIC>)`
* **Function type:** Scalar, numeric

<details><summary>Example</summary>

> The following applies the ABS function to the `ArrDelay` column, from the `flight-carriers` datasource.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following example applies the ABS function to the `ArrDelay` column from the `flight-carriers` datasource.
```

```sql
SELECT

>   "ArrDelay",

Reviewer 2: suggest aliasing column using `AS` to provide an English language column name. For example `arrival_delay`. Then you can use a similar English column name for the ABS: `absolute_arrival_delay`. This applies to all examples.
Also standardize all your column aliases to use lowercase and underscore.

## CEIL (numeric)

Rounds up to the smallest integer value greater than or equal to the numeric expression.

* **Syntax:** `CEIL(<NUMERIC>)`
* **Function type:** Scalar, numeric

<details><summary>Example</summary>

> The following example applies the CEIL function to the `fare_amount` column, from the `trips_xaa` datasource.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following example applies the CEIL function to the `fare_amount` column from the `trips_xaa` datasource.
```

## EXP

Calculates _e_ raised to the power of the numeric expression.

* **Syntax:** `EXP(<NUMERIC>)`
* **Function type:** Scalar, numeric

<details><summary>Example</summary>

> The following example raise _e_ to the power of `trip_id`, from the `trips_xaa` datasource.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following example raises _e_ to the power of `trip_id` from the `trips_xaa` datasource.
```

Author: No longer applicable after applying Charle's suggestion

```sql
SELECT
  "trip_id" AS "exponent_value",
  EXP(trip_id) AS "Exp"
FROM "trips_xaa"
LIMIT 1
```
Returns the following:

| `exponent_value` | `Exp` | 
| -- | -- | 

> | `1` | `2.7182818284590455` | 

Reviewer 2: There are going to be a few of these where there may not exist a column in the dataset that makes sense for the function. this is one of those.

Wondering if it makes more sense to just demo the function with a constant rather than a column value like this:

```
SELECT EXP(1) AS "exponential"
FROM taxi_trips
LIMIT 1
```
Returns the following:

| `exponential` | 
| -- | -- | 
| `2.7182818284590455` | 

@vtlim or @ektravel , any opinion here?

Reviewer 4: That seems reasonable to me

Reviewer 3: Makes sense to me.

## EXP

Calculates _e_ raised to the power of the numeric expression.

* **Syntax:** `EXP(<NUMERIC>)`
* **Function type:** Scalar, numeric

<details><summary>Example</summary>

> The following example calculates _e_ to the power of 2.

Reviewer 2: It looks like e^1 not e^2. Did you mean to change the example?

Author: Thank you for catching it, I've corrected it

## FLOOR (numeric)

> Rounds down to the largest integer value less than or equal to the numeric expression.

Reviewer 3: This description is confusing. What does it round down? Maybe keep the original?

> Calculates the largest integer less than or equal to the numeric expression.

Author: I use "Round down ..." to be consistent with the definition used for `FLOOR (date and time)`. That said, it appears documentation from microsoft and w2schools use a similar definition to the original, so I will change it for consistency. I will do the same for CEIL as well

> * **Syntax:** `Floor(<NUMERIC>)`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Syntax:** `FLOOR(<NUMERIC>)`
```
use all caps for functions

## LN

Calculates the natural logarithm of the numeric expression.

* **Syntax:** `LN(<NUMERIC>)`
* **Function type:** Scalar, numeric

<details><summary>Example</summary>

> The following example applies the LN function to the `max_temperature` column, from the `trips_xaa` datasource.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following example applies the LN function to the `max_temperature` column from the `trips_xaa` datasource.
```
